# Meeting Thesis 6 oktober 2016

- Business rules: doelgroep + makkelijkere regels
- dynamische systemen: EventB (events en actions)
- [x] SBVR paper lezen (F. Lévy and A. Nazarenko, “Formalization of natural language regulations through sbvr structured english (tutorial),” Lect. Notes Comput. Sci. (including Subser. Lect. Notes Artif. Intell. Lect. Notes Bioinformatics), vol. 8035 LNCS, pp. 19–33, 2013.)
- [x] Business rules gewoon opzoeken. Jan Van Thienen vakantiedagen. (https://dmcommunity.org/challenge/challenge-jan-2016/)

Problemen proberen zoeken: 
 - [ ] structuur rules
 - [ ] relatie met FO(.)
 - [ ] restricties aan formaat?
 - [ ] hoe kunnen we het uitbreiden naar dynamsiche systemen?

----------------------------

# 6 oktober - 12 oktober

- https://dmcommunity.org/challenge/challenge-jan-2016/
- SVBR officiële standaard
- SVBR-SE is soort van kleurencode voor SVBR regels, niet echt formeel
- Niets automatisch/formeel in: Formalization of Natural Language Regulations through SBVR Structured English? (Tutorial)
- Niets formeel in RuleSpeak? http://www.rulespeak.com/en/
- Formeler: RuleCNL, maar exacte semantiek niet te vinden, enkel EBNF voor grammatica
- Classificatie van CNL's: RuleCNL ontbreekt

## Jan Van Thienen vakantiedagen
Every emloyee receives at least 22 days.
Additional days are provided according to the following criteria:

1. Only employees younger than 18 or at least 60 years or employees with at least 30 years of service will receive 5 extra days
2. Employees with at least 30 years of service and also employees of age 60 or more, receive 3 extra days, on top of possible additionale days already given.
3. If an employee has at least 15 but less than 30 years of service, 2 extra days are given. These 2 days are also provided for employees of age 45 or more. These 2 extra days can not be combined with the 5 extra days.

1.
  - If the age of the employee is less than 18 or greather than 60 then he receives 5 extra days
  - If the years of service of the empolyee is a least 30 then he receives 5 extra days

2.
  - If years of service of the employee is at least 30, then he receives 3 extra days
  - If age of the employee is at least 60 then 3 extra days

3.
  - If years of service of employee is between 15 and 30 and not received 5 extra days, then 2 extra days
  - If age of employee is at least 45 and not received 5 then receive 2

Each employee gets 22 days plus the sum of his extra days.
